Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

When completing this assignment, I felt that the hardest part was just being able to undertand the terminology in relation to what I was actually attempting to code. In this case, it was understanding the difference between "class", "method", "constructor", "attributes", etc. I will say even now I'm having a hard time understanding how they all relate to each other! When going to TA hours, this lack of understanding on my part was the biggest barrier to getting my code to fully run and use their help effectively. 

When trying to complete this assignment, I relied heavily on the OneCard example that Jordan provided during class and uploaded to Moodle. I felt that this was a clear example of what I'm supposed to be coding, and how these different parts of object-oriented programming relate to one another. This OneCard example was particularly useful when I was trying to write the constructors for each of the attributes in the computer.py code. While I still don't totally understand the use of these constructors, I at least knew how to connect them to the attributes we initally needed for this assignment.  

Overally, I believe that I relied pretty heavily on Jordan's examples from class/his code on procedural_resale_shop, as well as TA hours (which are always helpful) to get through this assignment. However, I really want to make sure that I'm actually understanding the material, and realize that will most likely require that I increase my avalibility for things like office hours, since this assignment felt much more challenging off the bat in a way that CSC 110 wasn't (which makes sense since it's a more advanced class!). There are still many parts of this assignment that were pretty clear, and that I feel confident about. However, I know assignments like these don't need to be as difficult/stressful if I'm able to get more ahead on my understanding!

My advice to a student taking this course in the future would be to go to office hours/ TA hours the moment that something doesn't make sense. My inital issue is thinking that I could clear up any lack of understnading I'm having while I'm doing the assignment, or later on. However, that is not feasile knowing the pace of the class, and how things are building on one another. 
